---
sidebar_position: 4
---

# Hedera Hashgraph

Hedera Hashgraph is a public distributed ledger for building decentralized applications. It is a decentralized public network where developers can build secure, fair, blazing-fast decentralized applications. Hedera is designed to be a fair and efficient platform that is governed by a council of the world's leading organizations.

## Hedera Features

Hedera offers a number of features that can make Radica system more efficient and optimized. Some of the features are:

- **HTS**: Hedera Token Service (HTS) is a service that allows developers to create and manage fungible and non-fungible tokens on the Hedera network. HTS is a powerful and flexible tokenization service that can be used to create a wide range of tokens.

- **File Service**: is a service that allows developers to store files on the Hedera network. The File Service is a secure and efficient way to store files on the Hedera network.

In Radica we are studying the possibility of integrating Hedera Hashgraph native services to make the system more efficient and optimized.

## Radica Architecture with Hedera

Radica will use the **HTS** and the **File service** instead of smart contracts. The authentication system will work in the following way:

1. The certificate will be stored using the File Service.
2. The fileId will be saved in a token metadata using the HTS.
3. A token will be created containing the fileId of the corresponding certificate in the metadata.
4. The token will be transferred to the NFC tag autogenerated account Id.
5. The serail number of the created token will be saved in the NFC tag memory.

:::note Note

This architecture is not yet implemented, we still use smart contracts in the provided demo. This is an ongoing research and development project.

:::
